eh
It is Tsukmoto Tsukmoto of Kushitani Shimonoseki store
I usually drink alcohol during my holidays
It is beer and shochu
Fish is sweet
I have never eaten better fish here than anywhere
Honest
Recently this um
Let's cook it
Red is nice
Do n't miss garlic in the refrigerator these days
22 Kudo olive oil
But when I was young I was in a rural house
If you 're already okay
It is an angry home
Really is until you live alone
I probably never had a knife
A man who gets angry even if he goes into the kitchen with a plate down says a woman like that
I was home
I but I think I wanted to opposition
Buy what you want to eat yourself, cook yourself and make yourself want to eat
It is the best
It is the most fun when I'm an ingredient mother boy I want to make this
It seems that if there is something in seasoning, or if it is more like Arisa
And well when you're thinking is the most
Oh , I was supposed to make it with Oh
Yup